doc: Updates template issue with clearer guidelines. (#1510)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/Bug_Report.md

### Guidelines

In order to follow the **"one-click reproducible issues" principle**, please follow these guidelines:
* We should be able to run `terraform plan` and `terraform apply` **with no errors**.
  * Configurations that return errors when executed will be de-prioritised in favour of the ones that succeed.
* Share your configuration by **using variables**. Create a `variables.tf` file and share its content.
* Before opening an issue, you have to try to specifically isolate it to **Terraform MongoDB Atlas** provider by **removing as many dependencies** as possible. If the issue only happens with other dependencies, then:
  * If other terraform providers are required, please make sure you also include those. Same "one-click reproducible issue" principle applies.
  * If external components are required to replicate it, please make sure you also provides instructions on those parts.

* If the issue requires **changes from the UI**, please document them preferably with screenshots

> * If the issue involves **version changes** (e.g. `run plan with version 1.k.x then re-run with version 1.k.y`), please make sure you report the detailed sequence on commands to execute.

Reviewer: this list is missing the following info:
              - Terraform Atlas provider version used to reproduce the issue
              - Terraform version used to reproduce the issue
              - Confirmation if Terraform OSS, Terraform Cloud, or Terraform Enterprise deployment

Author: Regarding:
```
- Terraform Atlas provider version used to reproduce the issue
- Terraform version used to reproduce the issue
```
maybe we can clarify that the `version.tf` file is also needed (i.e. the `provider` specification). 
I think I specified somewhere else that the *whole* configuration is needed in order for us to be _one-click-away_ from reproducing the issue; but I'll clarify that.

```
- Confirmation if Terraform OSS, Terraform Cloud, or Terraform Enterprise deployment
```
Ok sure, this one I missed it.

Author: Changes updated. Let me know if that's ok with you.

**If your issue relates to Terraform itself**, please open it in the Terraform repository https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform/issues.

**If you have an active MongoDB Atlas Support contract**, the best way for us to assist you with the Terraform MongoDB Atlas Provider is through a [support ticket](https://support.mongodb.com/).

**Please note:** In order for us to provide the best experience in supporting our customers, we kindly ask to make sure that all the following sections are correctly filled with all the required information. Our support will **prioritise** issues that contain **all the required** information by using the **"one-click reproducible issues" principle**.

**Please also note:** We try to keep the Terraform MongoDB Atlas Provider issue tracker **reserved for bug reports**. Please ensure you **check open and closed issues first** to ensure your issue hasn't already been reported (if it has been reported add a reaction, i.e. +1, to the issue).

### Guidelines

In order to follow the **"one-click reproducible issues" principle**, please follow these guidelines:

> * We should be able to make no changes to your provided script and **be able to run `terraform plan` and `terraform apply` with no errors**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* We should be able to make no changes to your provided script and **be able to run a local execution reproducing the issue**.
```
Must be able to run with no errors was a little confusing to me as multiple bugs are related to non empty plans or errors in apply

  * This means that you should kindly provide us the whole script contatining all the required instructions. This also includes but not limited to:
    * Terraform Atlas provider version used to reproduce the issue
    * Terraform version used to reproduce the issue

>   * Configurations that return errors when executed will be de-prioritised in favour of the ones that succeed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * Configurations that cannot be properly executed will be de-prioritised in favour of the ones that succeed.
```
same here, suggesting possible rephrase

### Terraform Configuration File 
<!--

> Paste here all the required parts of your Terraform MongoDB Atlas Provider configuration file below here. You can alternatively consider creating a [**GitHub Gist**](https://gist.github.com/) with the information and share it here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Paste here all the required parts of your Terraform MongoDB Atlas Provider configuration file below. You can alternatively consider creating a [**GitHub Gist**](https://gist.github.com/) with the information and share it here.
```
